The emperor was not prepared
Why should Linglong make things difficult for him?
As expected of Xie's noble daughter
Really good martial arts
Hahaha Emperor
Linglong is already 17.
But not yet married
The concubine dared to ask for his grace
The queen means
Exquisite celestial posture
The concubine seemed to like it very much
I want to kiss him
Your Majesty, what do you think of the Regent?
He is popular
Xie Taifu is full of peaches and plums
It is my servant again
And Xie's Linglong is the queen's bitch niece
To talk about this closeness
He became closer to the prince
He was afraid that Shangguan Heng would collude with the civil servants
Throw him out of power as an emperor
Emperor, come here
The decree established Xie's Linglong as the crown prince's concubine
Get married immediately
The emperor's heart is destroyed by Linglong
Not yet, Shane
I thank the emperor for your kindness
The sister of the son-in-law also wants to dedicate herself to you
This fool
What good did he get by selling me?
Oh, what does Jiang Wanle want to perform?
Empress Wiben
The minister wants to sing a song
My sister grew up in the mountains
At the Queen's Birthday Banquet
You don't want to sing folk songs, do you?